---
title: VOL 1, ISSUE 18
description: VOL 1, ISSUE 18 of the St. Henri's Carly Report.
date: 2020-11-21
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

- I am both in awe and fundamentally confused by our new “Leaning Stations”. Can someone break down this logically for me? It’s a restful “bench” that we're supposed to just lean on? The world is clearly both over and insane. Goodbye. Edit: These are for seniors, I am not target market.
- Move over weed dealers, peace out SAQ - we got cheese pushers now cause we all know the real unofficial St. Henri vice is dairy
- Because we’re all idiots, garbage cans now have uplifting fuchsia signs to tell us how they work
- In a heartbreaking recent development, someone has a butt tear in their favourite jeans
- A high level article is being written about street racing
- In super heartwarming and peaceful news, the scariest fucking human I have ever seen, with two black tattoo tear drops and a Manson-ass face, who STABBED A WOMAN is somewhere on the run in St.Henri
- SOMEONE IS STEALING PEOPLES DOGS
- Someone found two Walmart gift cards, DMing immediately, need aluminium foil, shampoo and dvds
- WE MUST PROTECT OUR BOOTS FROM SALT
- $40 to the human who wants to help another human set up a yellow tent
- Someone is giving away 63% of used temporary purple hair dye in exchange for a small coffee
- The new gold or blue dress argument of 2020 is whether or not the pink house is actually red. Yay something else to argue about.
- Police escorted a family of wild turkeys out of the hood
- “We need another post about sushi” - nobody
- FREE MARBLE CHEESE SLICER, I REPEAT FREE MARBLE CHEESE SLICER

---------------

See something worthy of The Report this week? Feel free to tag me and use [#TheCarlyReport](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/thecarlyreport?__eep__=6&__gid__=123654164372747&__cft__[0]=AZUzmlJ48UdsoyjfscUl6eBixJViCcCOJkx-9JeDGk3KnmvyGzoAALv8hovv8H92Lpo5VT3fp78UD-SXFvZLM1l9ipozU-O8cXWWtzgMYJcQfdMv6yfApMNqiPI5TtYQeKk&__tn__=*NK-R) so I can continue serving the public
