---
title: HOLIDAY EDITION
description: HOLIDAY EDITION of the St. Henri's Carly Report.
date: 2020-12-23
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

- Woman faces dilemma in whether enjoying Christmas pudding from IGA is worth the “ew you’re too close” of the pre-holiday grocery crowds. We stand with you, we stand by you. Go get your pudding.
- There is a hierarchy and “chain of being” of dépanneurs. We know this. We accept this order and Dépanneur Lalonde is down the chain officially with minerals beneath plants, animals and humanity. DO NOT SERVE EXPIRED BEER TO A COMMUNITY THAT NEEDS ALCOHOL
- I think it would be cool for you to follow suit and plant fake packages with kitty litter at this point (I am not legally allowed to formally encourage this behaviour but...I will informally not not encourage)
- There’s weird metal scattered on a corner on Notre Dame. That’s all I have to say.
- Atwater market is scammin’ y’all with their secret root amputations on their Christmas trees, I’m sure most of us know the result of a December 27th dried up tree, it’s a needle floor explosion and the mess no one asked for. This fraudy-ass behaviour will not be tolerated. It’s Christmas, for heavens sake.
- If someone lost their very dirty, very terrifying meth-addicted Bernie sanders doll, it’s by a garbage can on the corner of Sainte-Cunégonde and Levis
- We love beautiful photos but skating on the Lachine canal is dangerous and very stupid
- We all thoroughly enjoy cats and enjoy them even more when they are near a pink house on top of a building
- This year. This cluster-turd of a hemorrhoid of a year. I know how hard it’s been. In this moment as you look out upon another day of masked faces, newly discovered social anxiety, grocery store trips counting as “going out” and telling colleagues to unmute on zoom, I ask that with every mandatory and necessary “fuck you” to the world, let's try to invite a moment of gratitude, reflection and maybe even hope for the future (honestly though, “fuck you” is also still totally fine and acceptable). Thanks to family, friends and to our beloved, cat-lovin’, garbage hat in’ community, happy holidayso helped rescue a paralyzed / electrocuted squirrel at the G.E.C this morning

---------------

See something worthy of The Report this week? Feel free to tag me and use [#TheCarlyReport](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/thecarlyreport?__eep__=6&__gid__=123654164372747&__cft__[0]=AZUzmlJ48UdsoyjfscUl6eBixJViCcCOJkx-9JeDGk3KnmvyGzoAALv8hovv8H92Lpo5VT3fp78UD-SXFvZLM1l9ipozU-O8cXWWtzgMYJcQfdMv6yfApMNqiPI5TtYQeKk&__tn__=*NK-R) so I can continue serving the public
