---
title: BEST of 2020
description: BEST of 2020 of the St. Henri's Carly Report.
date: 2020-12-31
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

**In order to celebrate the end of "the worst year of our lives" and the beginning of "another garbage to okay-ish year" ahead, I have compiled a list of our top news stories from the past year. Hope this brings y'all some joy. Happy 2021.**

- We are very concerned about the ethical treatment, emotional stability and packaging of live lobsters
- Do not buy Garden Fresh Peppercorns from Dollarama because they are not fresh from anyone’s garden
- IS THIS THE REAL LIFE? IS THIS JUST SAINT-HENRI? TRASH IN A LANDSLIDE. NO RESPECT FOR LOCALITY. OPEN YOUR EYES. PICK UP THE POOP BAGS YOU SEE. YOU’RE DISRESPECTFUL BUT I GOT NO SYMPATHY [#BohemianCrapCity](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/bohemiancrapcity?__eep__=6&__gid__=123654164372747&__cft__[0]=AZV5KXzC6oI0AUs0tg3MS985rhAUsb_LGmpRWJu1FhKBlsLL0G8uHDuybSaVrwuMUbhjkj7KQKPXdS1C72eoXMc2wlxvSPhD6RbWGOb6USplXZPwVXzfBAU9z2-saaevdeY&__tn__=*NK-R) [#QueenTillTrashStops](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/queentilltrashstops?__eep__=6&__gid__=123654164372747&__cft__[0]=AZV5KXzC6oI0AUs0tg3MS985rhAUsb_LGmpRWJu1FhKBlsLL0G8uHDuybSaVrwuMUbhjkj7KQKPXdS1C72eoXMc2wlxvSPhD6RbWGOb6USplXZPwVXzfBAU9z2-saaevdeY&__tn__=*NK-R)
- “how dare you do that thing!” and “awwww look! A sunset!” - St.Henri
- DO NOT WALK ON THE PAVED PATH TO THE CANAL OR YOU WILL GET ATTACKED, FROM THE SKY, BY REDWINGED BLACKBIRDS
- 2020 is staying fully on brand with the whale dying after it brought us the only momentary joy we’ve had in months
- I propose an “anti-fireworks march” where we all walk down Notre Dame simultaneously screaming “PEW PEW PEW”
- Someone needs a deep tissue massage therapist because WE TIGHT Y’ALL
- Someone is trading their coffee machine for a pack of Cadbury mini eggs
- Banksy of Montreal rearranged some wooden letters in the homeware section of Marshalls to spell out “ASS” in what can only be described as the most profound artistic statement of the year
- A woman took a dump on top of a playground in broad daylight
- I propose that the solution to our annoyance to early morning construction is that we all blast Céline Dion’s “Where Does My Heart Beat Now” simultaneously, on repeat, as I feel like this will most likely frighten them or better yet, quicken their productivity [#winwinceline](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/winwinceline?__eep__=6&__gid__=123654164372747&__cft__[0]=AZV5KXzC6oI0AUs0tg3MS985rhAUsb_LGmpRWJu1FhKBlsLL0G8uHDuybSaVrwuMUbhjkj7KQKPXdS1C72eoXMc2wlxvSPhD6RbWGOb6USplXZPwVXzfBAU9z2-saaevdeY&__tn__=*NK-R)
- Feel free to go hop onboard Bjork’s 2001 Academy Awards outfit, and ride an instagram-worthy rowboat along the canal this week
- A strange night-time, thorny, penis plant caused quite the stir yesterday as did the angle of the photographer’s extremely bendy-ass ankles. Potentially, this plant is only visible when you are upside down or passed out, hard to tell
- Avoid swimming across the Lachine Canal even if every bridge to meet your weed dealer is closed
- The water fountain on St. Antoine has turned into a full-blown bubble bath, please do not bathe in it, that would be unsanitary
- There is a pet duck rocking a Mozart-coif, waddling around Notre Dame [#Icanteven](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/icanteven?__eep__=6&__gid__=123654164372747&__cft__[0]=AZV5KXzC6oI0AUs0tg3MS985rhAUsb_LGmpRWJu1FhKBlsLL0G8uHDuybSaVrwuMUbhjkj7KQKPXdS1C72eoXMc2wlxvSPhD6RbWGOb6USplXZPwVXzfBAU9z2-saaevdeY&__tn__=*NK-R)
- Someone’s lost tropical pet bird is on top of a tree in the G.E.C park
- A woman wanted four bananas, but ended up with twenty-four bananas. She has a couple of options: She can either make 6 banana breads, 24 smoothies, 60 muffins, 55 bowls of cereal or open a banana stand
- To the person who stole the amazon package containing diapers for someone’s baby, why don’t you just wear them yourself cause you’re a piece of shit
- I’d like to thank the lovely pair of humans who helped rescue a paralyzed / electrocuted squirrel at the G.E.C this morning
- There are rainbow poop bags on the sidewalk

---------------

See something worthy of The Report this week? Feel free to tag me and use [#TheCarlyReport](https://www.facebook.com/hashtag/thecarlyreport?__eep__=6&__gid__=123654164372747&__cft__[0]=AZUzmlJ48UdsoyjfscUl6eBixJViCcCOJkx-9JeDGk3KnmvyGzoAALv8hovv8H92Lpo5VT3fp78UD-SXFvZLM1l9ipozU-O8cXWWtzgMYJcQfdMv6yfApMNqiPI5TtYQeKk&__tn__=*NK-R) so I can continue serving the public
